Segment 1: Background
What war(s) and branch of service did you serve in?
What was your rank?
Where did you serve?
Segment 2: Jogging Memory
Were you drafted or did you enlist?
Where were you living at the time?
Why did you join?
Why did you pick the service branch you joined?
Do you recall your first days in service?
Tell me about your boot camp/training experience(s).
Do you remember your instructors?
Segment 3: Experiences
Which war(s) did you serve in (WWII, Korea, Vietnam, Gulf, OEF, OIF)?
Where exactly did you go?
Do you remember arriving, what it was like?
What was your job/assignment?
Did you see combat?
Were there many casualties in your unit?
What was your most memorable experience?
Were you a prisoner of war? What were your experiences in captivity and when you were freed.
Were you awarded any medals or citations? How did you get them?
Were you involved in battle planning?
Did you sustain any injuries? What were the circumstances.
Segment 4: Life
How did you stay in touch with your family?
What was the food like?
Did you feel pressure or stress?
Was there something special you did for "good luck"?
How did people entertain themselves?
What did you do when on leave?
Do you recall any particularly humorous or unusual events?
What were some of the pranks that you or others would pull?
Segment 5: After Service
Do you recall the day your service ended?
Where were you?
What did you do in the days and weeks afterward?
Did you work or go back to school?
Did the G.I. Bill support your education?
Did you continue any friendships after service? For how long?
Did you join a veteran's organization?
Segment 6: Later Years and Closing
What did you go on to do as a career after the war?
Do you attend reunions?
Did your military experience influence your thinking about war or about the military in general?
How do you think military service changed you?
Were the changes positive or negative?
Were any changes that occurred due to specific events or experiences in the military?
Were there changes in how you relate to other people?
Were there changes in your sense of your own strength and ability?
Were there new opportunities for you that opened up due to your military service?
Did you experience change in a religious, or spiritual sense, or your understanding of life?
Were there changes in your ability to appreciate life?
Were any changes evident right away?  Were some noticeable to you only after a good deal of time has passed?
Did other people mention changes in you due to your service?
Do you think the changes in you would have happened whether or not you had served, or were they particular to your service?
How is your life different because of the experiences you just discussed?
What was the most important aspect of sharing your story?
What were your reasons for participating in this project?
Now that you have completed the interview, did you find it to have been a different experience than you expected?  If so, how?
Is there anything you would like to add that we have not covered in this interview?