Segment 1: Background
What war(s) and branch of service did you serve in?
What was your rank?
Where did you serve?
Segment 2: Jogging Memory
Were you drafted or did you enlist?
Where were you living at the time?
Why did you join?
Why did you pick the service branch you joined?
Do you recall your first days in service?
Tell me about your boot camp/training experience(s).
Do you remember your instructors?
Segment 3: Experiences
Which war(s) did you serve in (WWII, Korea, Vietnam, Gulf, OEF, OIF)?
Where exactly did you go?
Do you remember arriving, what it was like?
What was your job/assignment?
Did you see combat?
Were there many casualties in your unit?
What was your most memorable experience?
Were you a prisoner of war? What were your experiences in captivity? When were you freed?
Were you awarded any medals or citations? How did you get them?
Were you involved in battle planning?
Did you sustain any injuries? What were the circumstances.
Segment 4: Life
How did you stay in touch with your family?
What was the food like?
In what ways did you feel pressure or stress?
Was there something special you did for "good luck"?
How did people entertain themselves?
What did you do when on leave?
Do you recall any particularly humorous or unusual events?
What were some of the pranks that you or others would pull?
Segment 5: After Service
Do you recall the day your service ended?
Where were you?
What did you do in the days and weeks afterward?
Did you work or go back to school?
Did the G.I. Bill support your education?
Did you continue any friendships after service? For how long?
Did you join a veteran's organization?
What did you go on to do as a career after the war?
Do you attend reunions?
Segment 6: Service Effects
How did your service change you?
How did your service affect the way you relate to others?
How did your service affect your appreciation of life?
How did your service affect your sense of personal strength?
How did service affect your life path?
Is there anything else you'd like to add that we haven't covered today?